# Tips

* Our documentation and onboarding is a work in progress. For most people, this new environment is different than anywhere else they've ever been. If you're new to state government, agile, product development, or consulting, this will surely be true for you. Be patient with yourself and your teammates. Give yourself some time to figure things out.
* The best way to learn is by doing. Your top priority for your first quarter is to get up and running as a contributor to the work planned for that quarter.
* It's a target rich environment. Most people try to do too many things at once. Don't fall into this trap in your first quarter. Push yourself to take on less, set people's expectations accurately, and deliver on whatever you commit to. It's better to complete one or two projects really well than to take on more and not finish any of them. Project teams and project plans get reorganized reorganized quarterly. So it's best not to start anything you can't finish in a quarter.
* We love great ideas!  And we love big out-of-the-box ideas! If you have great big ideas, please share them. Please also keep in mind: Timing is everything. If you've got an idea that doesn't fit this year's goals and funding commitments, let's talk about it looking ahead to next year. If you've got an idea that's in line with this year's goals, find out if it fits work slated for this quarter, or "cycle". If so, talk to the appropriate project team about it. If not, or if you're just not sure, talk with a Bryan, Holly, or a project manager, about how to best loop your ideas into planning for next quarter.

